3.11 Order Management
3.13 Auction ....
3.2 NEAT System......
3.5 Local Database
3.9 NEAT Screen
4.4 Settlement Agencies
4.10 International Securities Identification Number ***
4.11 Data and Report Downloads
SEBI (Intermediaries) Regulations,2008 ***
Circuit Breakers --> page no 90 chart ***

Box 4.1: Investor Protection Fund ***

Surrender of Trading membershi/Broker
Surrender of Non Broker

IOC:  Partial match is possible for the order, and the unmatched portion of the order is cancelled immediately
Numericals:
All orders can be modified in the system till the time they do not get fully traded and only during
market hours


Stop Loss Matching
All stop loss orders entered into the system are stored in the stop loss book. These orders can
contain two prices:
(a) Trigger Price: It is the price at which the order gets triggered from the stop loss book.
(b) Limit Price: It is the price for orders after the orders get triggered from the stop loss
book. If the limit price is not specified, the trigger price is taken as the limit price for
the order. The stop loss orders are prioritised in the stop loss book with the most likely
order to trigger first and the least likely to trigger last. The priority is same as that of
the regular lot book.
The stop loss condition is met under the following circumstances:
(a) Sell Order: A sell order in the stop loss book gets triggered when the last traded price
in the normal market reaches or falls below the trigger price of the order.
(b) Buy Order: A buy order in the stop loss book gets triggered when the last traded price
in the normal market reaches or exceeds the trigger price of the order.
When a stop loss order with IOC condition enters the system, the order is released in the
market after it is triggered. Once triggered, the order scans the counter order book for a
suitable match to result in a trade or else is cancelled by the system.


Auction Matching
All auction orders are entered into the auction order book. The rules for matching of auctions
are similar to that of the regular lot book except for the following points:
(a) Auction order matching takes place at the end of the solicitor period for the auction.
(b) Auction matching takes place only across orders belonging to the same auction.
(c) All auction trades take place at the auction price.

Validation Check
While matching orders, the system performs the validation check, if the participant of any of
the orders is ‘Suspended’, the trade does not go through

Auction:

Modify:
The user is not allowed to modify any auction orders.
Auction Order Cancellation:
Cancel:
The user can cancel any solicitor order placed by him in any auction provided the solicitor
period for that auction is not over.

Surrender of Trading membershi/Broker
Surrender of Non Broker
